org.gnome.desktop.background primary-color '#000000'
org.gnome.desktop.background secondary-color '#000000'
org.gnome.desktop.interface clock-format '24h'
org.gnome.desktop.interface clock-show-weekday true
org.gnome.desktop.interface gtk-theme 'Pop-dark'
org.gnome.desktop.interface text-scaling-factor 1.66
org.gnome.desktop.lockdown disable-lock-screen true
org.gnome.desktop.peripherals.mouse accel-profile 'adaptive'
org.gnome.desktop.peripherals.mouse speed 0.5
org.gnome.desktop.peripherals.touchpad natural-scroll false
org.gnome.desktop.peripherals.touchpad speed 0.25
org.gnome.desktop.peripherals.touchpad tap-to-click true
org.gnome.desktop.screensaver idle-activation-enabled false
org.gnome.desktop.screensaver lock-enabled false
org.gnome.desktop.screensaver primary-color '#000000'
org.gnome.desktop.screensaver secondary-color '#000000'
org.gnome.desktop.screensaver ubuntu-lock-on-suspend false
org.gnome.desktop.session idle-delay 0
org.gnome.desktop.wm.preferences button-layout 'appmenu:maximize,close'
org.gnome.desktop.wm.preferences num-workspaces 1
org.gnome.desktop.wm.preferences resize-with-right-button false
org.gnome.mutter dynamic-workspaces false
org.gnome.mutter edge-tiling false
org.gnome.mutter focus-change-on-pointer-rest false
org.gnome.mutter workspaces-only-on-primary false
org.gnome.nautilus.icon-view default-zoom-level 'large'
org.gnome.nautilus.window-state sidebar-width 300
org.gnome.settings-daemon.plugins.xsettings antialiasing 'rgba'
org.gnome.settings-daemon.plugins.xsettings hinting 'full'
org.gnome.shell.extensions.desktop-icons icon-size 'large'
org.gnome.shell.extensions.desktop-icons show-home true
org.gnome.shell.extensions.desktop-icons show-trash true
org.gnome.shell.overrides attach-modal-dialogs true
org.gtk.Settings.FileChooser show-hidden true
org.gtk.Settings.FileChooser sidebar-width 300